RetreatUE

All of UE2's credits still apply. If anyone is missed, my apologies.

My desire was to make UE2 hard, or at least as hard as I could within the AI's limitations. I feel I have done the best I could.

Changes from UE2:

5 new races. I didn't have to add any since I already feel there are too many, but I did it for fun. I stopped at 5 because I hit the shipset limit of 50.
Abiddon, Amonkrie, and Drushocka. Three races from the Space Empires universe. The Drushocka adds the Silicoid race family. Unfortunately they are the only one.
Arm and Core. Some of you older players may remember these guys from Total Annihilation (my favorite RTS). The Core has its unique Government The Core Consciousness,
and a unique leader character. 
There is more about these races in their help files.

All design templates have been edited for every race. The goal was to streamline builds and make things efficient not wasteful. For example: The Atuuk are railgun.
They're not Ion, missile, or Gravity. Therefore all Atuuk builds are heavy railgun and ZERO everything else. Think that's weak? Wait until you meet them. Since they're
only railgun they tend to research railguns pretty fast.

Added two files to the help folder. Adamantium and Uranium. I still need to make a core consciousness help file, but I'm lazy.

All policy files were edited. The biggest changed were: research industry focus, troop loadouts, ship capture settings, population limits for construction etc...

Race files. All race files have a research script for all three branches. They all extend to end game. They all will research certain wonders (depends on race).
None push for wonders, so it should still be possible for the player to get one or two.

Weapon branch notes: Beam races research to superbeam. Gravity and Area were combined for grav races because of the dependancies. I cut the size of all grav weapons
by half. I think grav weapons are weak, but I didn't want to alter them much, so I got lazy. Most everyone researches point defense to terminal. The hanger bays were
changed. Normal bays make 4, 6, 8 fighters per tech level. The racial bays make 6, 8, 10 fighters per tech level. I did this because the AI was not upgrading bays before.
Now they do. All races research armor to reflective. They all research armor, defense, and special forces. All research Elite Troop Project and fortified bunkers.

Energy branch notes: Extended Keskudon reactor to end game. Extended and altered Dhayut drive to end game, and it's formidable. Extended and altered the Riktoh space
denial. Changed space contruction sizes to 250, 500, 800, 1200, 1600, and 2000. There was a reason which was certain ship classes (capital, carrier, resupply), if they
didn't have sufficient space, would use older tech and never upgrade (applies to AI not people). Bumping up the size limit a little seemed to help. Changed sized of engines.
AI wasn't upgrading from Ion in some cases. All research planetary shield, and remote shielding.

Hitech branch notes: All races with a spy bonus (human, lipid, etc...) research out to stealth and use it. Everyone researches out to fleet target and ecm. Everyone
researches out to deep space arrays. I wasn't sure if the AI needs to see, but I added it in anyways.

Just a note about research scripting: everyone researches out 30 techs per tree (more or less). They all basically research the same because I wanted everyone to be relatively
close in tech power (+/- 1 tech level). This leads to competitive games. Races stick to their weapon of choice. If its missiles, its missiles. Remember this only applies to AI behavior.
You can do whatever in your designs. Games should be challenging. That was the whole purpose. I've seen the Ugnari pummel my fleets with planet busting rail guns before I finished
the phaser line. It was not good. Luckily the AI doesn't follow up on things too well. I was vulnerable, but they left (thank god). Some of the warrior races research army upgrades
pretty far. Be wary of invasions. Bring alot more than what you think. Especially since they'll build the elite troop building and fortress.

Added Moo2 and SE5 music. I feel Moo2 music is the best space music ever made, so simple yet haunting.

There's alot more I probably missed. All of this was because of the love I had for UE. Thank you Mordachai.